Add Serverless changelog for April 6, 2026 (#5811)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-cloud-serverless/index.md

# {{serverless-full}} changelog [elastic-cloud-serverless-changelog]
Review the changes, fixes, and more to {{serverless-full}}.

## April 6, 2026 [serverless-changelog-04062026]

### Features and enhancements [serverless-changelog-04062026-features-enhancements]

* Adds `maximumCasesToOpen` as an advanced setting you can configure at runtime for case alert actions [#259255]({{kib-pull}}259255)
* Adds workflow steps for cases, including adding alerts, events, observables, and tags, assigning and unassigning cases, setting properties, finding similar cases, and updating or deleting cases [#256922]({{kib-pull}}256922)
* Adds an **Export JSON** option to the **Export** menu in Dashboards that shows an API-capable JSON export in a flyout, with a button to open the request in the console for direct API testing [#255382]({{kib-pull}}255382)
* Enables dragging collapsible sections by their entire header in Dashboards, and allows clicking the header to expand or collapse the section [#258502]({{kib-pull}}258502)

> * Enables monospaced numeric font rendering for Lens charts, including axis labels, legend values, data labels, and tooltips [#251576]({{kib-pull}}251576)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables mono-spaced numeric font rendering for Lens charts, including axis labels, legend values, data labels, and tooltips [#251576]({{kib-pull}}251576)
```

* Adds manual entity resolution UI to the entity details flyout [#260162]({{kib-pull}}260162)
* Adds entity resolution CSV upload functionality [#260006]({{kib-pull}}260006)
* Adds a detection rule deprecation feature [#259673]({{kib-pull}}259673)
* Adds the `alerts_candidate_count` rule execution metric [#259917]({{kib-pull}}259917)
* Implements the `communicates_with` relationship maintainer for entities [#258656]({{kib-pull}}258656)
* Adds a rule execution table to the **Execution Results** tab of the rule details page [#259105]({{kib-pull}}259105)
* Adds the `matched_indices_count` rule execution metric [#259938]({{kib-pull}}259938)
* Adds a status column to the **Add to existing case** modal and disallows the **Select** button for closed cases [#260990]({{kib-pull}}260990)
* Persists Osquery history page filters when navigating between tabs and detail pages within the same browser session [#260891]({{kib-pull}}260891)
* Adds a SharePoint Server connector for connecting to on-premises SharePoint instances to search, browse, and retrieve documents and site content [#258014]({{kib-pull}}258014)

> * Adds AI-assisted onboarding option to the {{es}} getting started page [#255192]({{kib-pull}}255192)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adds an AI-assisted onboarding option to the {{es}} getting started page [#255192]({{kib-pull}}255192)
```

* Adds a circuit breaker to the Parquet datasource in {{esql}} [#144491]({{es-pull}}144491)
* Adds `TopNBy` logical plan node to enable `SORT | LIMIT BY` commands in {{esql}} [#144279]({{es-pull}}144279)
* Adds Parquet page-index filtering, adaptive I/O, and filter gaps for {{esql}} [#145068]({{es-pull}}145068)
* Adds support for the `WITHOUT` grouping function in {{esql}} [#144947]({{es-pull}}144947)
* Adds exponential-backoff retry for anomaly detection job opening during system-initiated reassignments [#144478]({{es-pull}}144478)
* Adds `int4` x86 SIMD optimizations for native vector scoring [#144649]({{es-pull}}144649)
* Adds bulk-sparse native vector scoring for searchable snapshots through `DirectAccessInput` [#144557]({{es-pull}}144557)
* Adds sub-field support to flattened field type, allowing specific paths to use typed field mappings [#144451]({{es-pull}}144451)
* Adds support for the `sorted_set` multi-value parameter to IP and flattened field types [#144972]({{es-pull}}144972)
* Consistently uses `ValidationException.throwIfValidationErrorsExist()` [#144810]({{es-pull}}144810)
* Enables the Prometheus plugin by default [#144311]({{es-pull}}144311)

> 

Reviewer 2: Empty line here just FYI.
